hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2013 science fiction action
film Pacific Rim so let's get started
the film opens with huge alien sea
monsters called kaiju emerging from a
portal at the bottom of the Pacific
Ocean the kaiju wreak havoc on coastal
cities around the Pacific humanity
responds by creating massive robotic
mechs called Yeager's to fight the kaiju
each was piloted by at least two people
who are connected via a neural bridge
through a process called drifting so the
pilots can shear the mental stress of
piloting the machine in the year 2020
the Jaeger [ __ ] danger piloted by
Raleigh and Yancy Beckett defend
Anchorage from a kaiju knife head ENC is
killed in the battle and Raleigh by
himself is able to defeat the kaiju
Raleigh decides to quit the Jaeger
program after his brother's death
five years later world governments
decide to end funding for Yeager's in
favor of building a massive coastal wall
the remaining Jaeger's are sent to Hong
Kong under the command of marshal
stacker Pentecost who wants to destroy
the bridge the portal which the kaiju
used with a nuclear weapon Pentecost
tracks down Raleigh to persuade him to
rejoin in Hong Kong Raleigh is
introduced to maka Mori pentecost's
adoptive daughter there are four
Jaeger's left in operation the
refurbished [ __ ] danger the Russian
Cherno alpha the Chinese crimson typhoon
and the Australian striker Eureka which
is the Jaeger that will carry the bomb
Raleigh tries to use Mako as his
co-pilot but after experiencing a
flashback from her childhood while
drifting and nearly firing the gypsy's
plasma cannon Pentecost has her removed
Pentecost reveals that he was a pilot
during the kaiju attack on Tokyo that
killed MCOs parents Pentecost then meets
with kaiju experts Newton and herrmann
herrmann believes that the breach will
stabilize and Kai Jews will increase in
number
Newton believes that they should try to
drift with a kaiju brain to learn more
about them which he ends up doing
himself Newton discovers that the kaiju
are bio weapons of alien colonists that
live in another dimension called the
in traverse and they plan on wiping out
humanity drifting however is a two-way
process and the kaiju hive mind
discovers things about the humans as
well two new kaiju leatherback and
Itachi emerged to find Newton all the
jaegers except [ __ ] danger are sent to
fight the kaijus crimson typhoon Cherno
alpha are destroyed and striker Eureka
is paralyzed by an EMP blast
mokou and rally pilot the [ __ ] danger
and they are able to kill the two kaijus
but nearly destroy Hong Kong after
examining the kaiju they discover that
one of them is pregnant the infant
emerges kills a black market dealer by
eating him named Hannibal but is killed
by its own umbilical cord Newton and
Herman drift with the infant brain and
discover that the breech can only be
opened with kaiju DNA Pentecost Jones
the fight co-piloting striker Eureka
along with [ __ ] danger they approach
the bridge where they are met by three
kaiju they injure and kill the Chi Jews
by having striker detonate the bomb
which kills Pentecost and the Gypsy uses
one of the corpses to travel to the
other side of the breach they overload
the reactor of the Gypsy and Mach oh and
Raleigh survived via escape pods the
breach is destroyed and mankind's
victory is declared and Raleigh and maka
wait for rescue during a mid credit
scene we see that the dealer Hannibal
actually survived being eaten by the
kaiju infant so that was the spoilers
for Pacific Rim if you have another film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on our various
forms of social media and remember to
Like and subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]